I decided to build an npm package around the `/movie` endpoint and all of the available parameters for it. I made the package in TypeScript, but I was taking long enough on the implementation that I don't believe I published the package in a way that is supporting the created types, so if I were to spend more time on the project I would focus on that, typing the response object, as well as a more useful error flow. My idea for using TypeScript is that it would help by typing the input to force reasonable inputs without having to manually check each one for correct types, as well as having the benefit of better CodeComplete when a developer is using the SDK.

I used `Jest` to build out unit tests to test each possible query param, as well as combining them all into a single query. I also tested the api client and made an integration test for both the happy path and the error case. 

Some additional things I would add with additional time would be some kind of pre-configuration to allow settings the api key rather than passing it directly in to the function. The error cases are something that need more attention as well as mentioned above already. I'm also not the biggest fan of the giant block of code that has an `if` statement for each possible query param variant, but my thought was that it creates a much better developer experience to explicitly enumerate every possibility rather than asking them to construct the query param themselves.

Another thing I would explore with more time would be using a library to generate more clear or succinct docs automatically using annotations, rather than my manually typed up version.